mr. Lloyd thank you how can I not like
this outfit um it's kind of very chilled
out um basically I'm wearing a pair of
jeans ripped jeans yeah week I just cut
a tshirt yeah um so I'm chill but
stylish like red converse you know red
lipstick yeah you've been running around
crazy today yeah I could see ya you seen
bloody frazzled I'm so frazzled how bad
is his accent when he tries I think it's
not bad yeah my mom's best friend
growing up was English so I said I how
could you please but I stop yelling at
me I don't know it's better than my
Mexican dad you try to speak Spanish
better than Mary Bennett donde esta
stuff like that you know okay better
than my Mexican anyways what else is
going on to finish annoyed after you
leave the concert tonight where the cher
Lloyd go um I will be heading back to LA
hmm and then I don't know you know this
is my life like I just I run around
quite easy I doulos the shows and then
yeah it's just never-ending do you ever
get any free time and if you do what do
you do um I get like one or two days off
here in there you know every couple of
months um I just chill out I'm a very
relaxed kind of person most of time if
you were a fan in the stands watching
you perform tonight what would be one
thing that you would say when you walk
away once your load is done on stage um
that probably saw I'm crazy oh yeah I
run around like a crazy person all right
ya gotta love energy yeah yeah how'd you
get it all the energy I just come just
come by the way I feel bad you're
shivering you're cold no I don't think
it's good and it's my energy that's what
a time that's not it does i'm on some
sort of medication by not this energy
kinetic seshu cher Lloyd what's on
what's next for you obviously you know
your signals on the radio you're doing
well what's next for sure Lord in the
next couple months
I am finishing off my next record okay
and uh September ish it should be out
okay is it going to be the same kind of
typical cher Lloyd music remain yours
ever dial no way and the cher Lloyd has
grown up okay and we may have to pull a
arm explicit content oh I left off to
cher Lloyd but no no that's the seven
we're so excited that you're here for us
thank you your fans are out there
they're excited they've been tweeting
like crazy sure Lloyd backstage channel
933 summer kickoff concert